Bah
You, a hillbilly, dare to pretend to be the lady's mother
sisters
We're going to teach him a lesson today
Only then can I excrete this evil breath for the old lady
Don't come over
I said, why do you stink so much?
Why don't I help you wash it well?
Let go of me
towel
Enjoy slowly
Hahahahahaha
Ask how you feel hahahaha
Ha ha.
Ah-ha.
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Be careful save me
You run first
You hold him down
I'm the real mom
If he knew you were hitting me like this
He will never let you go
What are you gesticulating about?
Guess if I can understand it?
Hahahaha
I'll tell you what.
It's all your offense to the old lady
You have an end
Okay, let's change the game.
It's called the ringing of a bell.
Daughter, help